So now we're gonna, we're gonna
just live in the visa logo here and
I am going to now take a common
component because there are times
where you wanna do that,
I'm going to extract it out and
I'm going to share it across
multiple applications.
So what I'm gonna do here,
let's hop into our command line yet
again, and Let me open yet
another tab and so
let's just think about this for a second,
if I wanted to create something to
share across both applications,
what do you think would be my first step?
>> Perfect.
Thank you Lillian.
So you would essentially
extracted to a lib.
So in this case, create a lib and
then extract it to that lib.
So from here,
I am going to generate a lib so
lib and we'll call this UI toolbar and
I'm gonna set the style to SPSS and
I've just messed this up too many times.
I'm going to run with the dry run flag and
take that off.
All right.
And then from here, let's go ahead so
we've generated the lib.
Now let's generate the components
that exist within that.
So now we have the lib.
Now we need to put the two components.
So we're gonna do is we're gonna take the
toolbar across the top of this application
Here, because we could use this
across multiple applications,
especially if it's consistent with
your corporate brand styling.
So we'll take this and
we're going to extract it out.
So NGC will do toolbar.
And now we're gonna say put this
in your toolbar and give it a.
Again classic SAS.
All right.
Let's roll the dice And
I believe we are good to go.
All right, so now we're going to
do is within our code, we need to.
Move or just extract the so again,
I was talking about
refactoring through promotion.
Well, this is what this looks like.
Now the one thing that is
interesting about having
multiple applications in
the same repos that occasionally,
if you have your file names are the same.
You do have to pay attention
to the file path because you
saw that I opened up app component HTML,
but
what I really wanted to do was
open up the one in the dashboard.
So we have client dashboard and so
you will occasionally stumble and
you're reaching for one thing.
And you just end up in the wrong
app because your naming
conventions are similar.
Alright, so what we're gonna do is
we're going to pick this up and
we're going to move it into
the toolbar component.
And then from here, we are going to change
this side now toggle to an output.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
go toggle side down admit and
this doesn't exist yet, but
I'm gonna save this and
let's go back into our component here.
And we can just delete all this.
So we'll go output and
we're going to call this
Toggle, side nav, and
it's going to be a new event emitter
All right, I'm going to clean up
my imports since I'm here, and
output is a function,
I need to make sure I get that right.
And what I'll also do is I'm going to
create another output called log out.
Now there's certainly more things
that I could do with this,
but we are going to keep
this fairly simple for now.
And what I can also do
now is when we click this
button over here, we can log out.
There we go now make
sure I got this right.
Log Out.
Yes, yes, yes.
You notice here that,
angular is complaining about the fact
that now I'm using material components and
it does not know where to find them.
So this is when you segment
things into modules,
aka the material module, then this is no
problem at all, barely an inconvenience.
Except when it doesn't pick up.
So I find typically when I create
a new lib that I have to
do this at least once and
an insult to injury There we go.
That was super weird.
Let's check back here.
And we're good.
All right.
So now let's go into our dashboard.
And I forgot something.
Hopefully.
Everybody was like no, don't do it.
You're missing something and
I am truly missing something.
I just created a new lib and
I need to import it.
But that is also, there's one another
step I need to do that I forget,
thank you for reminding me.
Is I need to make sure that I make
this available for consumption.
So within my module itself,
what I need to do is I need to,
what did I have to do for material?
I had to export it.
And so to a bart component, Very good.
And what I'm also going
to do is in the index,
I'm going to little trick
typically I will just go
type it in once, it'll add it up here.
I'll just change this to export and
I think we are good to go here.
And while I'm at it, I just prefer
unless I'm exporting a bunch of
things to be very explicit about
what I'm actually exporting out.
Okay, so
I should be able to consume this now.
I am.
Hopeful all right,
UI toolbar module, Scope here in.
It's correct, I believe I did and
so now if we go into
This is where I've just completely,
forgot what is happening in
this top level component.
So I think actually nothing so
we'll just go just create
an empty method and
since we're here we'll just
do another one for logout.
All right, back to our template
And last but not least,
Log out.
Save this.
I'm rolling the dice.
Let's see what happens.
Module not found,
cannot resolve F-E-M-U-Y toolbar.
Let's think about why
that may be happening.
Alright, so let's go back to
And let's see if this will work.
This hasn't been the first time
in my life I've just had to
restart the server to
see if it would work.
What do you know?
Mystery solved.
All right.
So we have it working here and
so it's displaying.
Now let's go back into our code.
And let's get this working
in our client application.
Module.
There we go.
And feel like a restart
of TS servers in order.
It's like it knew what I wanted.
Alright, save this.
Let's organize our imports and
now, let's go into
the app.html and
I think I could just put this in I don't
even know if I have to bind to the events.
So, Wouldn't it be funny?
Like 'haha' funny is
What I had to do was just restart this.
I'm hoping I'm crossing my fingers because
then I know we have to break up and
it's not me it's them.
Alright so this is working with
a little aspects, let me fix this.
So what happened is when we did NG add and
we added a material,
it added it to all this wonderful
stuff into the dashboard.
What it did not do when I created the new
app, because I did not add material to it.
We do not get the same benefits.
So, we just go here paste this in,
and I believe I can just change this,
and, What I will do as well, and
somebody might be sitting there like.
Shaking their finger at me but
typically I like to keep styles unless
there's a good reason not to, kind of
concentrate it to the application itself.
So, all I've done here, and
I may revisit this later but
this is a workshop is I've just
moved the styles over, and
I could very well actually pull
this into a lib if I wanted to.
And at first this was like the best
day of my life right here.